fix: tutorial pages spelling and grammar (#3958)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/developer-journey/level-1/1.6-managing-canisters.mdx

## Topping up a canister's cycles balance

> Depositing cycles into a canister's cycles balance is known as 'topping up' the canister's balance. For production canisters, which are consistently using cycles over time to pay for the canister's resources, topping up the canister is required for routine maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depositing cycles into a canister's cycles balance is known as 'topping up' the canister's balance. For production canisters, which consistently use cycles over time to pay for the canister's resources, topping up the canister is required for routine maintenance.
```
